Feat: `SimpleFormIterator` clear item call action (#8302)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/SimpleFormIterator.md

| Prop     | Required | Type           | Default               | Description                         |
|----------|----------|----------------|-----------------------|-------------------------------------|
| `addButton` | Optional | `ReactElement` | - | Component to render for the add button |

> | `clearButton` | Optional | `boolean` | `true` | when false, the user cannot clear array |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clearButton` | Optional | `boolean` | `true` | When `false`, the user cannot clear the array |
```

> | `clearButton` | Optional | `ReactElement` | - | Component to render for clear added rows |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `clearButton` | Optional | `ReactElement` | - | Component to render for clear all items button |
```

> | `clearButton` | Optional | `boolean` | `true` | When `false`, the user cannot clear the array |

Reviewer 2: If it's a simple boolean, then the prop name isn't right. 

In general, we prefer to define boolean props that take the value `true` when used, so:

```jsx
<SimpleFormIterator disableClear>
```

is preferable to:

```jsx
<SimpleFormIterator clearButton={false}>
```

In addition, we already have other `disableXXX` props for this component, so for consistency this prop should follow the same pattern.

Author: updated : b987e628a3c25ea157aaa022f81781f4055abf5c

> | `clearButton` | Optional | `ReactElement` | - | Component to render for clear all items button |

Reviewer 2: I don't see that prop used in the SimpleFormIterator code. Besides, we should allow a `false` value to disable it.

Author: Should we give individual `false` case for this?

I mean , should the user is able to disable clear array action by setting `disableRemove` prop to `true` or `arrayClear(example)` to `false`, for example?

Author: changed doc regarding request : [b24af8c](https://github.com/marmelab/react-admin/pull/8302/commits/b24af8ccb821196b478c4b516609a54e7503f826)

`clearButton`. is now `boolean` type, and the default value is `true`. User is able to disabled the clear array action by giving `false` to `clearButton` prop

</SimpleFormIterator>
```

## `clearButton`

> This prop lets you pass a custom element to replace the default "Clear the list" button

Reviewer 2: That's not true anymore

Author: Removed and `disableClear` description is added : b987e628a3c25ea157aaa022f81781f4055abf5c

</SimpleFormIterator>
```

## `clearButton`

> This prop lets you pass a custom element to replace the default ClearAction button

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This prop lets you pass a custom element to replace the default "clear all items" button
```

```jsx

> <SimpleFormIterator clearButton={<Button>Clear</Button>}>

Reviewer 2: This example is wrong, as a click on this button will do nothing.

Author: Example is removed.

</SimpleFormIterator>
```

## `clearButton`

> This prop lets you pass a custom element to replace the default "clear all items" button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This prop lets you pass a custom element to replace the default "Clear the list" button
```
